Functional
ADSB monitoring - Storing ICAO hex codes with the appropriate airframe in the registration database can allow users to visually look up aircraft preferably on an internatl ADSB map but external is acceptable, for a rough location of the aircraft.
Multiple users on the same itteration - Air Traffic, Flying Club and Operations all have access to the same instance of Flite so the flying club can add their own sorties to the board, as well as view the current schedule for self deconfliction. Can also be used for stat tracking when ATC are off. Operations can use this for monitoring movements for escort and billing as well as the booking section for adding flights to the calendar and liveboard. Each version of this could have restrictions built in for editor vs viewer vs null etc.
SQLite Database - Move all databases to SQLite for: fast indexed search by registration, stable pagination, cleaner update/delete/edit handling, proper audit/history storage, fewer giant CSV merge problems, easier backup/export/import, avoiding huge DOM/data rebuilds, future multi-table relationships.
Notifications or alerts for regular occurances primary example being met observations, have a configurable setting for a pop up/toast/chime which alerts the user that the scheduled met observation is due. These alerts should be non-destructive (if the user is updating fields, creating strips or other wise actively engaged in a task the alert should not interrupt that task or take the user away from it. Configurability could include complete on/off for alerts, levels of alerts, when the alert should occur, whether the alert is persistent until acknowledged/action started etc.
Browser based version

Aesthetic
Add a pie chart style to the movement calendar view for each day. Alongside the numbers presented currently this serves as a quick visual representation of how the movements are divided. Admin options can include the degree of break down, initial thought is that the default option is purely split 3 ways between all military, all civilian and all FIS. These can then be further broken down into the egow codes and egow unit codes if desired.
